webpack-cli: new init documentation (#4742)
webpack/webpack.js.org: src/content/api/cli.md

| `help`       | `help\|h [command] [option]`              | Display help for commands and options.                                          |
| `info`       | `info\|i [options]`                       | Outputs information about your system.                                          |
| `init`       | `init\|c [generation-path] [options]`     | Initialize a new webpack project.                                               |
| `loader`     | `loader\|l [output-path]`                 | Scaffold a loader.                                                              |
| `plugin`     | `plugin\|p [output-path]`                 | Scaffold a plugin.                                                              |
| `serve`      | `serve\|s [options]`                      | Run the `webpack-dev-server`.                                                   |
| `version`    | `version\|v [commands...]`                | Output the version number of `webpack`, `webpack-cli` and `webpack-dev-server`. |
| `watch`      | `watch\|w [entries...] [options]`         | Run webpack and watch for files changes.                                        |

### Init

> Used to initialize new webpack project

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Used to initialize a new webpack project
```

```bash
npx webpack init [generation-path] [options]
```

**example**

```bash

> npx webpack init ./my-app --force --template=default

Reviewer 2: as `--force` will use the default.

```suggestion
npx webpack init ./my-app --force
```

Author: I want to explain all possible way to use command in a single example, which includes specifying template.

```

#### Generation Path

> Location of where to generate configuration. defaults to `process.cwd()`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Location of where to generate the configuration. Defaults to `process.cwd()`.
```

#### Options

**`--template`**

`string = default`

Name of template to generate.

**`--force`**

`boolean`

> To generate project without questions. If passed, default answer for each question will be used.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To generate a project without questions. When enabled, default answer for each question will be used.
```
